back? I think the internet just cut out
for a
second. Looks like it's stable now.
funny.
Okay, starting today, uh here's the
plan.
We are going to first do a little bit of
analysis on the experiments that run LA
that ran last night and then after that
I have a couple different methods that I
want to integrate uh with puffer. I want
to do probably cosine analing. That's an
easy one. And I definitely want to do um
MUP. That is the different
initialization that makes it easier to
scale learning rate. And uh I'm
definitely want to look into that a
little bit more
deeply. First of
all, let's take a look at a couple of
these because we should have a few
hundred
experiments. Looks like there are some
still running.
okay. Oh, that's very nice. Look at
that.
So, this
is Yeah, this is the
completed hyper pram sweep. Let's now
compare this to what we had before.
Let's see if there's a significant
difference. So, this should be identical
to our initial baseline sweep except
that this time we swept the atom
parameters. People don't usually sweep
those, but I have a friend in
optimization who told me, "Yeah,
definitely sweep those."
You know, it really looks like it's
about the same, doesn't
it? I guess cost 84 maybe
here. It's kind of tough to
see. Let's put them side by
this I mean this is like a little better
but I don't even know if this is
statistically significant
whatsoever. Now I guess the other thing
that we can do what are you trying to
optimize here? So this is just more
hyperparameter sweep. This is just on a
quick breakout test. End. The key here
though is we uh we're sweeping the atom
hyperparameters beta 1, beta 2 and the
epsilon. So we were seeing basically if
there is any value in tuning that even
in like the simplest case. Now um you
know we have to run this type of stuff
over way more
environments. But this isn't just like
initial hey is there something obvious
here that people have missed?
because I had some optimization friends
who tell me that there
is. Let me look at
the There's some things we should look
at here though to
confirm what we're
seeing. Where's the uh the
time? There should be a time one in here
somewhere.
this. Yeah. Right. So, this is total
time steps and then we have
SPS. Okay. Interesting. So, it looks
like the one on the right ran way
faster.
So, did the one on the right want Did
the one on the
right let me see why it ran faster.
Because if there's like one machine is
faster than the other, right? That's the
the one issue with using wall clock as
your time is that if the machines are
faster than the other, then there's an
issue with that. Um, but it can also
just be that we didn't get lucky and
discover the right hypers
here. In fact, I think what we're going
to do is we're going to just
take let's just take a
point. Maybe we'll take a couple of
them. I think this one's a little bit of
an
outlier. This one looks good.
242. This one's like nice and stable,
right? And then here we'll pick
um we'll pick a
point. I just want to get a sense of
what the hyperparameters look like and
if they're very different or
not. And I guess we'll take this point
here. This is like the
closest
samples. So So these found like
completely different
hyperparameters. Ignore
this. We
get this is like the current learning
rate. It got annealed.
2048. Hi, I was wondering, oops, hang
on. I was wondering if anyone has made
any breakthroughs on
completing Pokemon using Puffer Lib. Uh
the original project does use puffer
lip. That was uh you know we uh that's a
powered by puffer project right there.
Let me find it. Where's the
Where' the uh where' the site
go? Where did the blog
go? Oh, there it is. Okay. Yeah. See,
powered by
Puffer. The compute for this came from
Puffer Lib. the tools like the library,
the training code, vectorization and
everything came from Puffer. So, we've
been collaborating on this project since
uh since P-Dubs did the initial, you
know, beat the first gym release.
It would have been a lot harder without
puffer lip because it would have been at
least like 30 50%
slower. Not to mention all our other
tools.
betas. These are a bit different from
the
defaults. Small batch
size, but fewer M. So, that makes sense.
And actually, proportionally fewer. So,
that's interesting.
What do BPT arise
entropy. Uh, lambda is way higher. Gamma
is very
similar. Lower learning
rate. Gradient norm size.
Cool. Three update epochs.
I mean, this is at least interesting in
that it's dramatically dramatically more
sample efficient,
right? I don't think we've ever seen
um maybe we've seen something solved
this fast, but this is now
like I think this is far far far beating
like the original sample uh efficiency
of PO. Uh, and this is still
like maybe 300 times faster than the
original. So, this is kind of cool that
we're winning on both fronts.
Now, I think what I want to do first
is let's go grab I think we probably
already have these hyperparameters in
place. Let's just put these betas in and
see if it helps or if it like really
does change all the optimal
hyperparameters. That'll be a quick
experiment to
run. Oops. Uh, this is frozen for some
reason. There we
go. Let's put this not blocking the
screen. I really got to get some
overlays so I don't cover like the chat
and stuff when I do that.
up. There we
go. And that'll only take like a
yeah, I totally forgot about that. Okay,
we'll do this on the other branch
then and then I'll I'll fix that after.
I believe this is the one that this is a
uh solving
config. Kind of
slow. This kind of
slow. I don't think these are the
optimal params for
params. Yeah, you can see actually here
I was using parameters for the new
algorithm which are different from the
DPO parameters a little
Oh, and actually hang on. Is this the
wrong
algorithm? Yeah, this is the wrong
algorithm, too.
All right, we can start with this. This
is like decent enough.
Okay, here's our initial
baseline. And now let's take our atom
number. Morning. What are you working
on? Uh, I'm testing the atom hyperparam
sweeps for now and then we're probably
going to do
muup different initialization stuff and
then we're probably going to do cosine
and aling. So, it's like a whole bunch
of little algorithm things I've wanted
to do. Maybe E3B after we'll
see. And there's GG there's GGE stuff to
do. There's lots and lots of things to
work on.
Got to kick puffer into overdrive
already.
How much did atom prams help? They did
something
weird. They found
um so they found a very different set of
hyperparameters that solves in about the
same amount of time, runs way slower,
and uses way fewer
samples. So it like it runs about half
the steps per second, but it solves in
like less than half the number of
samples.
something. Well, you can't say epsilon
has a big impact. We got to look at I'll
show you how we'll do that analysis in a
second. So, I mean, it's hard to say if
this is statistically significant. I'd
have to run it a whole bunch of times.
But like, you know, maybe this is
helping. All I just did here is I took
the optimal runs um atom beta
params and I just threw them on the
existing breakout params.
But I wouldn't call that a failure.
Like, you know, it's like, okay, maybe
there's a little bit of alpha in the
atoms. The sample efficiency thing was
actually the most interesting. I would
say, you know, maybe there's something
with it reusing the same data.
And we'll do a little bit of the
ablation analysis right now because why
not? Um, so what you do for
that is a trick that I like to
cost less
than and we'll pick like
We say
100. Maybe we'll do
100. Ah, shoot. The dashboard's
glitched. Hang on.
Cool. All right. So, these are all the
faster
runs. And now we can look at the betas
from
here
97. What was what did we use? I think we
did use that point. Yeah, 97. So it
actually it changed the beta from the
it. It's a little bit like annoying
because I know that you can get a high
score in that amount of time, right,
with a beta like this. So this could
just be sample bias.
It looks like if anything
though, maybe the uh beta one is a
little low by
default. Filtering to find I'm filtering
to find the fastest hyper because
anything will solve it if you give it
five minutes.
Yeah, the thing that I'm seeing most
here
is that um maybe this first beta needs
to be increased a little bit from the
Okay. So, we'll keep that. You know,
we'll we have that as a experiment and
an option
now. And then the next thing I wanted to
this. We
have 115 second solves
uh with the new
algorithm. This is still running as
Let me think how uh how we can think
about this as
well.
Sample. Oh, I guess I left this in. So,
I was sweeping Adam in here as well. No
big
deal. Okay, so we're still up here to
900,000 steps per
second. I know with some of these faster
runs we
[Music]
getting 8K mini batch is
good. Total time steps is reasonable.
Batch
size pretty
reasonable. Uh found a few of these
numms. It didn't really go this way too
much.
But it's
fine. I guess I would want to try the
optimal breakout params real
quick. I think if I just want to play
with this for a
second. Yeah, I kind of just want to
play with the uh the breakout params in
this new algorithm for a few minutes
just to see if I can find anything
interesting. It's always interesting
when you find like very different
optimal hypers or stuff like that.
right? Why does this have plus
120? Didn't I just click this and had uh
335. This opened a completely different
window.
M. Soon more of us are doing research
more often. We should rank the puffer m
by training speed and
difficulty might be helpful. low
difficulty. The thing is that the
training speed you're going to be able
to get to be pretty decent on on any of
them. We're going to be using all of
them, I would
think, as well. And the only way to rank
them is to do full hyperp sweeps
anyways.
Oh, got to get more people doing
research.
and two update
epox.
Okay, see how this
works. Train with torch deterministic
true.
Whatever the default is, I think Clean
Arrow has that on for
reproducibility. I don't think that that
would make any difference though,
this.
Okay. Why does this look
worse? Oh, I guess this is with
P301.
Shouldn't be
though. Probably must I must have a
difference in hypers or
Two updated
epox two mills total
steps
entropy
gamma the lambda gamma learning rate
gradient
norm. Uh, these params all look fine.
So, what did I
do? I must have done
something.
50. It's a minute 13, a minute 11 or
whatever.
here cuz that did not replicate at
all. Unless I broke something in the
meanwhile. I think I
did. But this is sketchy because this
should definitely
replicate or something in the base
config.
bizarre. It's also a tad slower than
before.
folks. Doing some experimental analysis
here.
and hopefully coming up with some good
uh good tweaks for
puffer. I'm going to have to run this
experiment again because I got a
completely different result
here. It's possible this is just like an
inconsistent set of
hypers. It's also possible that the atom
pra actually matter. So there's the
replication.
Where is it? This one? No, not this one.
This
one. So, right
here. Meantime, I will go look up the
default atom
params. It's 0.9 and.999, which is what
I set it to.
Is it the epsilon that makes the
difference
there? That's the only thing I can see
is it's a very different
epsilon. We'll we will see. It could
also just be inconsistency in the um in
the
seed. Some of these arcade ms are a
little sketchy that way. We will fix
that. But for now,
Yeah, it's just seed
inconsistency. Why Adam and not Adam
W? Is there any evidence Adam W is like
consistently
better
decoupled. People don't even use weight
decay at the moment in RL. That's one of
the things I've been meaning to run some
experiments
on. But um yeah, people don't even use
weight decay.
Yeah. So this would be equivalent to
atom I would think without weight
decay and then we would have to try them
both with weight decay.
Okay. Yeah, this matches. So, it was
just uh some seed noise. That's fine. I
mean, that's cool that we have uh what's
this? Uh 118. So, that's uh 80ish second
solve. And now we can
try. Let me see if the new atom params
made any difference.
should look into learning rate
schedulers. Yeah, actually I'm going to
do that
today. That's part of what I'm going to
do today if I get to
it. Oh, that one. Is that just auler? I
thought that was a whole different
Muan. We can play with these. It'd be
pretty easy to play with
them. Let's get our like basic stuff
done first
though. I think um order of priorities
today is I want to do I want to finish
up this analysis. I probably want to do
stuff on mu
mup and then I want to do uh optimizer
stuff. I mean this doesn't really count,
right? This what I'm doing here. This is
pretty
basic. MUP is this thing that LM people
use a bunch that lets you use the same
set of hyperparameters uh or same
learning rate in particular as you make
the network
larger cuz I want to add the network
size as h as the uh as a hyperparameter
to the sweep you
know we'll see what this
does so this is now
the same experiment as before so
optimized breakout pars but with
um the tuned atom coefficients. So, it's
apples to oranges, but the hope is that
it just is better. You know, it's per
environment. That'd be cool. Yeah. I got
to stop like putting white background
stuff on my
chat. I've been really meaning to just
get like a basic overlay made for this.
Does that just crash everything right
here? Is that what I'm seeing?
bizarre. Again though, there is some
seed varian. So I will try it again.
few more experiments and we move on to
MUP. Uh I just want to check
this. I think it's going to be slightly
more complicated than anticipated with
this. We'll see.
And then I wanted to try
um I wanted to try the latest version
of the new algorithm on
this with these params as well.
Yeah, that's just awful performance.
That's
crazy. Okay, so it's not as easy as just
shifting the params and calling it a
day.
So, I made this cool modification late
last night to
P3. Um, I was having this problem where
as you would increase the
horizon, the allowable horizon, it would
change the algorithm. It would make it
so you couldn't reuse the same
hyperparameters. Now, it has an adaptive
horizon. So it starts at 16 and you will
see it increase once the uh the score
gets a little
higher. And the horizon in this case uh
is the number of samples into the future
it's
considering settles on it. The horizon
just tends to increase over time because
it's based on what it can predict. So
the farther out it can predict the uh
the farther out it uses
samples. Now these hyperparameters are
not for this algorithm. I was just
trying this. This doesn't seem to work
particularly well
uh with these
different from the horizon that Yes, it
is. It's
different. Okay, so it doesn't work with
these hypers. That's what I was
checking. I will run it one more time
just in case there's like seed variants,
though I highly doubt
it. And uh I think we'll just go to MUP
so I can, you know, not get stuck on
this all morning.
So, I've had my eye on this for a
while. This is the core graph right
here. is they find
that
normally the optimum learning rate
changes when you shift batch size not
batch size when you shift the learning
rate optimal learning rate changes when
you shift the model size. So there we
go. Whereas here they keep it pretty
darn, you know, consistent.
So these are all uh
transferable it says. So any of these
atom
parameters? Does anybody know there
aren't follow-ups to this? Right. This
is this is still what people use, right?
They have code for
this. Let's
Okay, we'll use their library to start
with and maybe we'll like integrate it
properly if uh if it works.
Yeah. So, it wasn't just seed noise.
Cool.
usage in model definition. Replace
output with a new
readout. I might want to make a brand
for this real quick.
That's it. They don't change the uh the
rest of the
model. Oh, I think that theirs will
change your initializations for you.
Wait, let me I got to read these
comments.
So instantiate a base
model optionally use torch dist xx
deferred init deferred in
it. Okay, that's like if you don't want
to double initialize a big
model. Instantiate a delta model that
differs from the base model in all
dimensions that one wishes to scale.
instantiate the target model, the model
you actually want to
train. This should be the same as the
base
model except the widths could be
potentially different.
parameter shapes as base model. Model
behaves exactly the same as base
model. When model has the same has same
parameter
shapes as base model. Model behaves
exactly the same as base
model which is PyTorch's which is in
PyTorch's default parameterization.
This provides backwards
is So, what this does then is
[Music]
you you set up like what model you want
new P to use as a starting point and
then it keeps that the same and it
scales around that I guess.
model kind of a weird thing that they've
done. Whatever
though. I think it should be fairly
easy. We'll see if it works with the
RNN.
the
policy. You passed the policy
in. That's annoying.
We can just hack uh something for now, I
think. Right.
[Music]
I mean, this is kind of
crazy. Let me look at their source. See
how how complicated it is.
Fine
net. What about
this
uniform drop in replacement for uniform?
um what is it that they need this crazy
thing that they're doing
shapes. I think I have to read a little
bit more in the paper to figure out what
this is actually trying to do.
We need to
modify initialization of the last
layer and its learning rates of the
first and last layer as well as of the
biases.
rate. We highlight in not purple but
whatever the differences of two
parameterizations scaling with width n
of the
parameterization. We often insert
multiplicative constants of each
appearance of n.
We highlight in difference then purple
the differences in the two
parameterizations. So hang
I'm trying to figure out if there's just
like a simple ver like a simple how does
this work that I can just implement
without having to do this mess.
three, so they gave a specific
initialization
here and they said, hey, if you use this
instead, then it transfers
This is a little bit annoying because of
the way that I have my policy set up.
You should always see performance
improvement with width at any point in
training. Okay, you know this is
actually
possible. This would be very useful.
I think we will just try to force this
uh their original for now and then we'll
go from here. I don't really like adding
this as a
dependency, but I think for dev branch
for playing around with stuff, it's
fine cuz we'd like to add this as a flag
anyways.
Yes. Let's actually do this one
first. Like this, right?
policy and then base policy. So we do
arg policy hidden size is equal to
one base
policy. Okay. And then we do delta pol
delta
model which just has this attribute
changed or
delta delta
policy. Let's flip to
two and we'll
do
All set base shapes. This stuff
is this goes at the
Actually, I think you could even do
easier than this, can't you? Hang on. We
can make this
I can do it right
here. That's not that bad. Actually, I
don't like having more stuff like this
in the demo file, but I think for dev
branch
Oops. I think for dev branch, this is
fine.
Now I need just these separate shapes,
right?
any. Replace with the same
Okay, I think we'll leave this as
is make base. They don't even call this,
do they? They just call set base shape.
So, we can just do
that. This should be called before
optimizer definition.
Adam. Cool. So, this
hopefully this should train the same way
as
before according to the authors.
Let's not screw this up with
uh a new algorithm or anything. Well,
base shapes has extra
Is there get bay shapes
anywhere or make bay shapes? Did I miss
something? They imported
Do you still have to do evaluating of to
decide if it's worth it or not? Um, I
think that there's definitely something
in that vein of research, I will say.
And, uh, it got us a really good result
on
Snake. So, I'm probably going to merge
that into
dev. And, uh, I have I cleaned up a
bunch of stuff in dev, so it's a lot
easier to like try different methods as
flags. uh we don't want to keep them all
longterm, but what I really want to do
soon, I want to get all these methods
in, right? And I want to start running
them on way more environments than I
currently am. I'm mostly just running
quick stuff on Breakout and Pong these
days. I really want to be running stuff
on like Neural MMO and all the other MS
we have.
Oh, here it is. You messed uh right
here. This one
ability. So I think that you need to set
base to
Oh, this didn't work. What the
hell? Let's run it
again. But this did not
I also have one other idea thing I might
have messed up.
What is this heavy ball optimizer? You
linked me
Let's just ask
Twitter. I have a group chat with uh the
guys that did the heavy ball stuff.
And did this fail? Yes, this still
fails. So, we got to figure out a couple
things with this then. First
128. Do
that. Okay. Okay, let's see if that
changes
anything. Hey,
welcome. So, I went to implement the
thing that we were talking about uh
yesterday and I realized it's actually
kind of hard to do that without imple
without changing the um the learn target
uh of the optimizer. I can show you what
I ended up doing.
I came up with something I think is
pretty
cool cuz basically anything I so I
confirmed for certain that the the
reason that it doesn't train at longer
horizons is uh it's not because of the
bias. It's just because of the
noise that you get from those extra
steps.
So what I did is I made it variable
it. Yeah. So right here horizon starts
at
16. Yeah. The variance ends up being
greater. Well, it's the variance in the
value function for whatever reason. It
actually doesn't matter as much if you
clip uh the advantage. Like there's way
less noise than that because
like if the rewards shift a little bit,
it's fine, right? Cuz you're computing a
sub. But uh it's way more of a big deal
in the advantage function because that's
like a per term loss. But anyways, what
I did is I just take the first value uh
where it is greater than 95% of the
standard deviation you would expect from
random. So like I'm looking for the
first one where you basically have no
signal. It's all noise. And then I clip
the horizon to that. And then in the uh
the
loss, I just get rid of the terms that
uh you know are either up to the horizon
or sometimes you give it a few extra
elements because you know you have to
start training those values. Uh and this
actually it still doesn't work as well
as PO. But the cool thing about this is
uh now you can
provably you can set that horizon
parameter however large you want and it
will not screw up your training. it
strictly allows you to learn longer
horizons uh as you're able to predict
them. So that's pretty
cool. So we got that
going and now we're doing other
algorithm stuff. Currently trying to get
MUP working and it's not working.
MUP is this thing that LLM people use a
lot.
Um they change the initializations and
the optimizer rates such that the
optimal learning rate stays fixed as you
change the network
size. So it's a really nice technique
for like stable training though it
doesn't seem to be working right now.
Yeah, cuz I have this layer in it right
now. Right on
this. I have listening, studying for an
exam.
Best of
luck. I'm glad I no longer have to be
doing that.
There's also the orthogonal in it the
recurrent net,
right? Let me think about this.
Oh
yeah. No, we
haven't. It's such a pain though because
initialization is one of those stupid
rabbit hole topics because the search
space is massive.
I guess I should probably look at what
the LLM people are doing at the moment,
but I don't know if there's much
um I don't know if there's much to be
gain
there. There are like other places I
would look
I mean, the thing is those methods just
don't [ __ ] work,
right? So, like the people that are
like, "Oh, well, we're going to use this
cuz it's explainable." This actually
happens very often in industry, by the
way. Like people in finance will do this
or whatever, and it's just like, "Oh,
well, we need it to be explainable." So
we can rationalize the decisions. It's
like, okay, well, every decision it
makes is wrong. Um, so you can just
explain that you're stupid, right? Cuz
you used a bad model. But it's like, oh,
but you know, it's it made this bad
decision because of this, this, and
that. Like, I don't know. Look,
interpretability work on neural nets is
good.
Um, but yeah, the other methods just are
not very promising.
I mean the thing with the like
regulation is the whole thing is just
dumb because a lot of uh explanability
work also just gives you the illusion of
understanding
anyways like you're not going to get
you're not going to understand the
decision from start to end
Right? It's like when somebody tries to
explain to you why they did something.
It's not actually why they did
something. It's an explanation of why
they did something.
So it's like, oh, neural nets aren't
explainable. Congratulations, humans
aren't
explainable. Now, it's a little bit
reduction. Like it's a little bit uh
reductive, but still
works. Mine doesn't have orth does it
really not have orthogonal?
language. Why does it screw this up so
badly, though?
It's kind of crazy, isn't it?
what
version? Uh, you know, I probably should
be back on those because I do need to
put some weight back on.
Um, the problem
is I need to put about 10 pounds back on
that I lost um from the hospital.
But like in order to actually not just
get fat doing that, you have to be
training really hard. And my work
capacity is still like way way down from
what it used to be. So, I'm kind of just
like eating normal food as much as I
can. Yeah, that mug like you really have
to be training hard for that mug to do
what it's supposed to do. Um, and I'm
training, but I like I do not have the
uh the capacity to train hard enough to
sustain like a thousand calorie
surplus. Yeah.
tea. The mug is a pretty legitimate uh
it's a pretty legitimate thing though if
like you just need a ton of calories and
don't have the
uh
appetite. It's pretty damn good. Gets
you most of your protein for the day.
Not terrible.
I'm trying to think why this thing
wouldn't be working right now. I guess
it's just because it doesn't have the
initializations I would
It's probably that you need the analing
and you're doing it wrong.
Let me just see if this does
anything. 99.
I'll be right back in these restaurant.
I'm back in a minute.
Yeah, that's annoying. It still doesn't
fix
Oh, actually it is correct here,
right? Yeah.
goes. That looks much
better. Is this uh the run that I'm
looking
for? Think it is.
improvement. Perfect.
So now we have MUP
this. I should now be able to just use a
larger network and do
this? Not in wall clock, but in samples.
I should be able to just do
Oh, I think it's input size. Hang on.
Yeah, it's input size.
So this has this takes hidden size but
the RNN takes input and hidden size.
on
there. Now we have the scaling factor,
right?
MUP. So this is now 512 hidden dimension
with the same params other than the
tweaked uh learning
Uh, it's the fact that I quadrupled the
model hidden dimension.
Yeah, a bigger model doesn't
seem like substantially better, but also
not substantially
worse. It's
actually does this even make sense that
it's still that
fast? Oh, it's not that fast, right?
Because now it's going to run. It's not
going to run eval and be a little
slower. Yeah. Okay. So, it is a little
slower.
Cool. But now we actually have the
option to do
that. Why would torch compile
help? It should help less for the bigger
policies.
I mean, that's a 2 million parameter
model that's running at 575 mil in eager
mode is pretty damn good.
Why would it help less for larger
models? Because you have less of a
percentage of the time devoted to uh
CUDA kernel launch overhead, which
actually the standard torch compile
doesn't really help with. You need to
like fiddle with CUDA graphs a bunch,
which I haven't done. It's probably a
good a big source of perf improvement,
but it's kind of a mess at the same
time.
And we'd have to be able to also fully
trace the backwards pass, which is
annoying. You can't trace the backwards
pass as it is right
now. Okay. But these are good
results. Very brittle. Yeah,
exactly. I mean, these are good results
though.
um I see it's
11. Do I want to play with anything else
initially?
things. I think it's still cosign and
kneeling is the most commonly used,
right?
Let's try cosine and healing first I
guess.
I think I'm going to just
um I'm going to leave most of this
fiddling until after
lunch. Uh I'm going to get some food.
I'm going to do a couple things and then
I will be back with more
dev. I think that's what we're going to
do right now. So I'll be back soon. Um
we're going to do today learning rate
schedulers finish MUP integration see if
that works. Uh we're going to integrate
model size with hyperparameter sweeps.
That's going to be cool. There's going
to be some more testing around that. We
might do some work on my new advantage
function. Several like algorithm side
things and cleanly integrating all this
with the dev branch as well so people
can play with it. So I'll be back soon.
And in the meantime, if you're
interested in following my stuff,
saltpuffer.ai, star the GitHub to help
us out. Join the Discord if you want to
get involved with development
contribution or just using it in
general.